All right, so we have the validation
set up for country.
Let's go ahead and edit for the other fields here
in this section.
So I'll just copy this section and move it down
to the next field that we're going to work with here.
And this is for street.
So edit right here after the street form control.
All right, so this is for street.
So we'll go through the same drill
of updating the reference here.
So this will be shipping address street.
And then a similar thing here for a dot dirty,
and similar thing for a touched shipping address street.
Error is required and this is a plain text field,
so they could possibly enter all spaces.
So we'll check for the errors, not only white space.
And then we'll swing over here,
and we'll say street is required.
All right, so just kind of use this as a checkpoint,
make sure your code is updated accordingly.
And I'll just copy this section again,
move down to the city section.
So this is for city,
so we'll do a similar drill, shipping address city.
And I'll move down to the state section.
Just kind of copy what we have from before
and paste it right here for state.
So we'll update this to shipping address state.
This is a dropdown list,
so we don't have to worry about the notOnlyWhitespace.
Let's just copy this section
and move down here for zip code.
And I'll make the updates here
for a shipping address zip code.
All righty, so those are the updates there
for shipping address zip code.
So this looks pretty good right now.
I'm happy with it.
Let's go ahead and test this out and see how this works.
So there's my shipping address here.
I'll swing to the bottom, and I'll hit Purchase.
Go back up to the top, and all right, success.
So we have country.
We had that before,
and then the new field, street, city, state,
and zip code, all required.
Good job.